OSSM-8507 Migration guide for multitenant 2.6 (#86917)
openshift/openshift-docs: migrating/multitenant/ossm-migrating-multitenant-assembly.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id=ossm-migrating-multitenant-assembly]
= Multitenant migration guide
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: ossm-migrating-multitenant-assembly

toc::[]

This guide is for users who are currently running a multitenant deployment of {SMProductName} {SMv2Version}, and are migrating to {SMProduct} 3.0.

This guide assumes you have completed all the steps in the premigration checklists. If you have not completed the premigration checklists, you must complete them first before you can start migrating your deployment.

include::modules/ossm-migrating-multitenant-with-cert-manager.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//will need to add reference in Checklists
.Next step to migrate gateways

> If you are using gateways, you must migrate them before to complete the migration process for cert-manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using gateways, you must migrate them before completing the migration process for cert-manager.
```

* Migrate gateways

//<insert exref to gateway migration content>
//xrefs across Migration Guides will be handled by OSSM-8852

.Next steps to complete migration with cert-manager
//add this to Gateways as well
If you are using gateways, you must migrate them.

> After you have migrated your gateways, you must update the `app.controller.configmapNamespaceSelector` field. After you have updated the `app.controller.configmapNamespaceSelector` field, you can remove {SMProduct} 2 resources.

Reviewer: Are there instructions somewhere for how to update `configmapNamespaceSelector` somewhere?

Author: There are, in a different PR related to the Cleanup/Delete Service Mesh 2.6. There's a comment to come back and add an xref to this to send users there if they're not migrating gateways, and a comment to remind me to add this Next Step to Gateways.

toc::[]

This guide is for users who are currently running a multitenant deployment of {SMProductName} {SMv2Version}, and are migrating to {SMProduct} 3.0.

This guide assumes you have completed all the steps in the premigration checklists. If you have not completed the premigration checklists, you must complete them first before you can start migrating your deployment.

include::modules/ossm-migrating-a-multitenant-deployment.adoc[leveoffset=+1]

.Next step to migrate gateways

> If you are using gateways, you must migrate them you complete the migration process for your deployment and workloads.

Reviewer: Something is missing here
```suggestion
If you are using gateways, you must migrate them before you complete the migration process for your deployment and workloads.
```
